Snippetize agent setup (#16)
hercules-ci/docs.hercules-ci.com: docs/index.adoc

Note that an agent can currently only be assigned to a single account. Assigning agents to multiple accounts is on the roadmap, but for now you will have to run multiple agents to build for multiple accounts.

== Can I disable an attribute? I don't want to build that attribute.

You can exclude attributes by putting them inside an attribute set without `recurseIntoAttrs`. This way, you can still use the attribute for other purposes, but it will not show up in CI. For example:

[source,nix]
----
# default.nix
let pkgs = import ./nix {};
in {
  inherit (pkgs) myProject;
  shells = {
    projectShell = pkgs.mkShell {
      buildInputs = [ pkgs.nixops ];
    };
  };
}
----

[source,nix]
----
# shell.nix
(import ./default.nix).shells.projectShell
----

[source,bash]
----
$ nix-build
/nix/store/...-hello-2.10
$ nix-shell --run 'nixops --version'
NixOps 1.6.1
----

== My attribute doesn't show up in the evaluation

Is it in a nested attribute set? Make sure you call `pkgs.recurseIntoAttrs` on all levels of nested attrsets.

> Does `nix-build` build the attribute? If it doesn't, Hercules CI shouldn't build it either. Otherwise, please contact us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does `nix-build` build the attribute with specifying `-A`? If it doesn't, Hercules CI shouldn't build it either. Otherwise, please contact us.
```

== How can I manually trigger a build?

> Manually triggering builds is supported at the derivation level. Commit statuses and evaluations can be triggered by pushing a branch. You may use a temporary branch just to trigger an evaluation and commit status update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can trigger a rebuild of a derivation in the web interface. Evaluations can be triggered by pushing a branch. You may use a temporary branch just to trigger an evaluation and commit status update.
```

----
include::network.example.nix[]
----
2. Find the account you'd like to deploy the agent in the https://hercules-ci.com[dashboard]

> 3. Click the "Agent" button and then"Generate token" tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the "Agent" button and then "Generate token" tab
```
